feat: update README.md (#1)
assuncaocharles/Blue-Thunder: README.md

> <div align="center">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Blue Thunder

<div align="center">
```

# Blue Thunder

<div align="center">

>   <img src="./assets/logo.png" alt="Blue Thunder Logo" width="150">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <img src="assets/logo.png" alt="Blue Thunder Logo" width="150px" height="150px">
```

>   <h1> Blue Thunder for <a href="https://code.visualstudio.com/">Visual Studio Code</a></h1>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <h1> Blue Thunder for <a href="https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=CharlesAssuncao.blue-thunder">Visual Studio Code</a></h1>
```

</div>

## Theme

<p>

> Blue Thunder theme, is a dark theme focused on blue and green tones, bringing futuristic and precise details to your daily life.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Blue Thunder theme is a dark blue theme with green tones, bringing futuristic details to your daily coding life.
```

</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-%235FCC6F.svg" alt="PRs welcome!" />
</p>

## Screenshot

> <img src="./assets/theme.png" alt="Theme colors" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img src="assets/theme.png" alt="Theme colors" />
```

<hr>

> <img src="./assets/theme-code-example.png" alt="Theme code example" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img src="assets/theme-code-example.png" alt="Theme code example" />
```
